                                                             Advance Excel Assignment 5

1. How many types of conditions are available in conditional formatting on Excel?

Ans. Higlights cell rules : will highlight cells according to the condition
     Top/Bottom rules :  enables you to apply formatting to cells that satisfy a statistical condition in the range.
     Data Bars: in built graphs can be built within the cell
     Color scales : based on values color will keep on changing
     Icon sets : based on values icon will keep on changing
  
2. How to insert border in Excel with Format Cells dialog?

Ans. Select one or more cells to which you'd like to add borders.

    Open the Format Cells dialog box by doing one of the following:

    Click the down arrow next to the Borders button, and then click More Borders at the bottom of the drop-down list.

    Right click the selected cells and choose Format Cells… from the context menu.

   Press Ctrl+1 shortcut.
   In the Format Cells dialog box, switch to the Border tab and choose the line style and color first. 
   And then, either use Presets to add the outside or inside borders or construct the desired border by selecting individual elements 
   such as border top, bottom, right or left. The preview diagram will reflect the changes immediately.
   When done, click OK.

3. How to Format Numbers as Currency in Excel?

Ans. Select the cells that you want to format and then, in the Number group on the Home tab, click the down arrow in the Number Format box.
     Choose either Currency or Accounting.

4. What are the steps to format numbers in Excel with the Percent style?

Ans. On the Home tab, in the Number group, click the icon next to Number to display the Format Cells dialog box.
     In the Format Cells dialog box, in the Category list, click Percentage.
     In the Decimal places box, enter the number of decimal places that you want to display. 
     For example, if you want to see 10% instead of 10.00%, enter 0 in the Decimal places box.

5. What is a shortcut to merge two or more cells in excel?

Ans. Merge Cells: ALT H+M+M
     Merge & Center: ALT H+M+C
     Merge Across: ALT H+M+A
     Unmerge Cells: ALT H+M+U

6. How do you use text commands in Excel?

Ans. =TEXT(Value you want to format, "Format code you want to apply")

     The TEXT function lets you change the way a number appears by applying formatting to it with format codes. 
     It's useful in situations where you want to display numbers in a more readable format, or you want to combine numbers with text or symbols.
     
     More functions:
     Trim, proper, upper,lower,len,left,right,mid,concatenate,find,serach,replace,substitute.