                                                            Advance Excel Assignment 1 

1. What do you mean by cells in an excel sheet? 

Ans: Cells are the basic building blocks of a worksheet. Cells are identified by the Reference, which is found by combining the Column Letter with the Row Number. 
For example, the cell in Column "C" in Row "3" would be cell C3.

2. How can you restrict someone from copying a cell from your worksheet? 

Ans: In order to protect your worksheet from getting copied, you need to go into Menu bar >Review > Protect sheet > Password. 
     By entering password, you can secure your worksheet from getting copied by others.
     By default, when you protect a worksheet, all the cells on the worksheet are locked, and users cannot make any changes to a locked cell.

3. How to move or copy the worksheet into another workbook?

Ans:  move or copy in the same workbook  –

Method 1: Press CTRL and drag the worksheet tab to the tab location you want.

Method 2:
1.	Right click on the worksheet tab and select Move or Copy.
2.	Select the Create a copy checkbox.
3.	Under Before sheet, select where you want to place the copy.
4.	Select OK. 

 move or copy in the same workbook  –

1.	Right click on the tab that you want to copy, and then click Move or Copy…
2.	In the Move or Copy dialog box, do the following:
3.	Under To book, choose the target file. To place a copy into a new workbook, select (new book).
4.	Under Before sheet, specify where to put the copy.
5.	Select the Create a copy box.
6.	Click OK.

4.Which key is used as a shortcut for opening a new window document?

Ans: Ctrl+N

5. What are the things that we can notice after opening the Excel interface? 

Ans: Customize access tootlbar.
     Ribbons.
     
6. When to use a relative cell reference in excel?

Ans: Relative references are used when we want to perform a similar operation on multiple cells and the formula must change according to the relative address of column and row.
 

